What is an  Agrument ?
      An Argument is an  independent item or variable that contains data or codes.
     An argument is the value passed to a function when it's called. e.g "hi" = "how are you";
     Arguments provide values for those parameters.

#So Note :When an argument is used to customize a program for a user, is called a "parameter." 
because they provide values for parameters

#Example1 ; 
If one defines a function as def sum(a+b): ..., then (a+b) are the parameter,and then
If it is called by a+b = ...; sum(1+2) then (1+2) is the argument.
After defining a function, you can call it with values for the parameters, called arguments.

#Example2 ;
For example, consider the definition of the add() function: num1 and num2 are the parameters, 
And the values used for these parameters in the function call are the arguments.

#Types of Arguments in Programming
Default argument.
Keyword arguments (named arguments)
Ositional arguments.
Arbitrary arguments (variable-length arguments *args and **kwargs)


Fundamentally, parameters are the variables inside a function's parentheses. 
because arguments provide values for those parameters in the parentheses ()

QN; What is a parameter ?
A parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function definition.
A parameter is the input values a function receives.e.g def greet("hi"):

#Example1
Function parameters are the input values that a function receives. They allow us to pass values into the function for it to use and perform operations on.
function greet(name) 
{ console. log("Hello, " + name + "!"); } 
greet("Alice"); 
greet("Bob");

#Types of parameters?
Default argument.
Keyword arguments. e.g n=1
Ositional arguments.
Arbitrary arguments.

#Differrence between an arguement and a parameter
A parameter is an (unbound) variable, while
An argument can be a literal or variable or more complex expression of literals.

In conculuision, After defining a function, you can call it with values for the parameters, called arguments.
For example, consider the definition of the add() function: num1 and num2 are the parameters and the values used for these parameters in the function call are the argument
the values used for these parameters in the function call are the argument